---
layout: post
title: "Toll"
description: "Building mental fortitude"
category: blog
comments: true
headline: "Gotta find strength"
share: true
tags: [blog, work]
---
Though not as intense as the past couple of weeks, the trend of working extra hours of overtime at work continues this week.  Originally scheduled for a shift at Elgin yesterday, the higher-ups required me to work in Wheaton instead.  When I arrived, the first thing I was asked was if I could work a double shift that day.  Naturally, I obliged.

With both of my work polos used, some laundry was necessary that night upon arriving home.  I managed to get 8 hours of sleep last night, and pulled the clothes from the dryer this morning.  After ironing my crumpled polos and cooking breakfast, I set off to work.

Today's shift was a typically busy lunch service.  However, throughout the shift I was outwardly stoic and visibly bothered.  Internally I felt frustrated and depressed.  My colleagues noticed quickly and both managers I worked with asked me what was troubling me.  Not wanting to raise any more worries, I brushed it off and said I was fine.  In retrospect, I should have honored their interest and simply give an honest reply.  Even though they may not be very close to me, they still expressed genuine concern for my well being by offering to listen.  I really wish I was better at recognizing these gestures as they occur.

I'm not sure exactly why my behavior today was so off, but if there's anything to attribute it to it may be my increased workload as of late.  Requests for labor at the other restaurants may start to dwindle as they find and hire new talent.  However, if they continue the way they have the past few weeks, I'll have no other recourse but to start declining offers to fill in empty shifts.

While I possess the physical stamina necessary to perform up to my standards, my mentality hasn't been challenged much until this point.  Taking postitives out of my situation today, this episode should only help to bolster my mental strength.
